1. Write Verilog code to swap contents of two registers with and without a temporary register?
	* temporary reg
	``` systemverilog
	always @(posedge clk) begin
		temp = b;
		b = a;
		a = temp;
	end
	// 综合后的电路？？？
	```
	* without temporary reg
	``` systemverilog
	always @(posedge clk) begin
		a <= b;
		b <= a;
	end
	// 非阻塞赋值
	```
2. Elaborate on the file operation support in Verilog.
	$fopen;$fscanf;$fdisplay;$fwrite;$fclose

3. Difference between inter statement and intra statement delay?
	* Inter statement delay refers to the delay between two statements. It represents the time difference between the completion of one statement and the start of another statement.
	* Intra statement delay refers to the delay within a single statement. It represents the time difference between the start of a statement and the execution of a specific operation within that statement.

4. What is delta simulation time?
	* ???
	
5. What is meant by inferring latches and how can you avoid it?
	* Inferring latches refers to the unintentional generation of latches when synthesizing an RTL design code. Latches are sometimes undesirable in digital circuit design because they can result in difficult to control circuit behavior,power consumption and unintended glitches.
	* if-else 和 case 条件不完整；敏感事件列表不完整

6. Which will be updated first - variables or signals?

	Signals are updated before variables. Signals are used to represent wires or registers in a design, while variables are used to represent local storage elements in procedural blocks such as always blocks or initial blocks.

	When an event occurs, signals are updated first based on the new input values. Then, the updated signal values that are registered and stored internally by the hardware will be directed to variable storage. Therefore, if multiple signals and variables are being updated within the same procedural block, the signals are updated first and then the variables are updated based on the new signal values.

7. Why is it necessary to list all inputs in the sensitivity list of a combinational circuit?
	* Sensitivity list specifies the events that will cause the corresponding always block to execute. If not to list all inputs in the sensitivity list, may result in a latch.

8. Give some example of commonly used Verilog system tasks and their purposes.
	* $display,$monitor,$strobe
		
	* $fopen,$fclose

	* $stop,$finish

	* $readmemb,$readmemh
		- Reads memory contents from a file into a Verilog array.

9. Write a Verilog code for synchronous and asynchronous reset.
	* synchronous
	``` systemverilog
	module syn(
		input clk,
		input rstn
		// ...
	);
		always @(posedge clk) begin
			if(rstn == 1'b0) begin
				// ...
			end
		end
	endmodule
	```
	* asynchronous
	``` systemverilog
	module asyn(
		input clk,
		input rstn
		// ...
	);
		always @(posedge clk, negedge rstn) begin
			if(rstn == 1'b0) begin
				// ...
			end
		end
	endmodule
	```